[AEA-722] connections readme added (#1553)
fetchai/agents-aea: packages/fetchai/connections/local/readme.md

> # Local connection
> Simple oef compatible local connection
> 
> ## Usage
> Oef compatible connection to be used for testing, does not interacts with external nodes.
> Does not preserve state on restart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Local connection
OEF compatible local connection for testing purposes only.

## Usage
OEF compatible connection to be used for testing, does not interact with external nodes. Does not preserve state on restart.
```
